{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 BENEFIT OF WEBSITE TO BUSINESS\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone There is an increase in exposure of the business to people all across the world. People living outside the continent of Africa and even within Africa can easily access the website. It attracts more costumers to the business as well. It also serves as a form of advertising the business online. Online business has become the order of the day with so many people making enquiries and purchases online. It saves the business from making unnecessary expenses on companies to help them expose their brand. The website helps the business grow at a faster rate as compared to a normal business without a website. This is because costumers have easy access to the site which can contain a suitable amount of traffic. The business is guaranteed to receive sponsorships and bursaries from other big-name companies, if they provide good quality services to costumers and also compete well with other related businesses in the business world. }