{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Business Statement\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone Theothess enterprise is an award winning nation-wide company aimed at providing integrity and quality costumer service. The goal of our enterprise is to build a strong emotional bond with the costumer. Our products are of the best quality straight out of the factory. We will provide you with a first class costumer treatment with the help of civilized and well trained workers. We will provide you with the best delivery service when you contact us to make an order. The vision of the enterprise is to be the best company not only nation-wide but across the entire African continent. It is our vision to also improve our delivery service to enable costumers receive their packages within the fastest possible time. Our company aims to increase the number of branches nation-wide to provide easy access to those in the rural areas. Our value is to repeat all individuals from different background. We exhibit a string will to win in the market place and in every aspect of our business. We uphold the highest standards of integrity in all of our actions.}