{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The index page contains a description about the purpose of the business. It has four links to different pages on the website.It contains an audio player on the top right corner. It has a tab whereby costumers can subscribe to latest information. It has a paragraph which gives a brief advice on building materials. It has a footer with the author\'92s name, last date modified and current date modified. The products page has a list of 6 different products. Each product has a name and price beneath it. \
		There is a video on the page which gives an advertise about one of the materials. The about us page gives a description about the business and it achievement. The contact us page has a list of telephone numbers and email addresses for contacting the business. It has a physical address of the business. It has a description list of the business branches. It has a google map indicating the location of the business and directions to the business. It has a form below which users can seek information from the business through the form. Each page has the title of the business at the top left corner which users can use to access the homepage directly.}